This used to be the APS_Matrix kit, however as we are adding more SW tools for development with other classes
I want to have a github for specifically all the SW tools and then a separate github 
for the rest of the matrix stuff.

In this current repo there was 2 different segments, there was the matrix code that runs on the arduino HW and the 
matrix drawing tool, the HW code was removed, i will go back and put it in a different repository later.

I did a sudo mv clrslctr/** ./ after removing the other code, I think this would have broken some things
please read through and fix all the broken file links, references and help me reorganize the project so
everything works well.

The old code + github: https://github.com/fuzzyfish1/APS_SW_Tools you should maybe look through it.

This is an electron vite react project, it is deployed on vercel, I need you to read and
understand this code. this needs to run on web/Chrome, Linux (Ubuntu and linux Mint 22.1), Mac, Windows.

I kinda like the current vibe of purple/black that I have going on, please keep that.

Can you clean the code please I really want to stick to conventions provided by the official electron
documentation here https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/ I don't think I did a very good job of that ngl
help me repair that as well.

My vercel deploy I believe is currently broken at the moment please repair that.

Put down that this is now V3 where necessary, I want to be able to see the current version from the
application and web version for debugging.

I need the auto updater to work as well, please show me how that works with github releases and github actions.
I need the auto updater to work specifically because I have to deploy this in school environments, going through
every single school computer to make an update will be painful and nearly impossible. Our supervisor is not going
to get us software to fix that it has to be installed once and distributed this way
I want the old versions of this app to continue to be usable (the not web versions), that might be conflicting
due to the way that the autoupdater forces updates with github releases, although I do want that.

I need you to add the USB Serial reading/writing capacity to this project, this needs to work on web and desktop.

I need a navbar at the top of my UI now, in the Navbar there needs to be a separate matrix section and 
a Serial Plotter section we need to build later.

I need you to build a program in the serial plotter tab like my proof of concept serial_plotter.py in the other
tab following the same color scheme as the matrix thing. It Needs to work in web and the desktop version
there needs to be a way to pick USB port, and only list USB ports with the correct kind of device listed.
don't include the fake data thing, it was nice but I don't want someone to be confused why there is fake data
on shiped code.

Rename history to image canvases/panes or somn to indicate that there are bunch of different projects in the
right side that can be scrolled through.

The Matrix needs to have different image canvases, so that there can be different image bitmaps to copy paste.
In the tools there needs to be a variable name/pane name thing to type into, so copy pasting into IDE
won't produce same name error.

If the panes/canvases gets scrolled all the way to the top There should be an option to create code that
animates all of the panes in order with delays in between them 

To help this there should be a way to drag and drop panes/canvases to help facilitate changing this

There needs to be an undo and redo button for every pane in Tools on the left hand side added as well.
